feat: Added Auth Status (#1804)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/components/authenticator/advanced/current-route.angular.mdx

  <amplify-authenticator></amplify-authenticator>
</ng-container>
```

#### Authentication Check

> If you just need to check if you're authenticated or not, you can use the more straight forward `AuthenticatorService` to access the `authCheck` string. The `authCheck` string can represent the following states:

Reviewer: I love the docs here! My only nit here is naming -- have you considered any alternatives to `authCheck`? `authState` and `authStatus` come to my mind. 

IMO `authCheck` sounds like a function, but this is obviously subjective and am open to suggestions.

Author: Ok, I like `authStatus`, I can change it to that

Author: I'm bad at naming :(

Author: dd3e3f0d9511a8d667d8223306538db8f0a84f96

> If you just need to check if you're authenticated or not, you can use the more straight forward `AuthenticatorService` to access the `authStatus` string. The `authStatus` string can represent the following states:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just need to check if you're authenticated or not, you can use the more straightforward `AuthenticatorService` to access the `authStatus` string. The `authStatus` string can represent the following states:
```

Author: Thanks fixed.

Author: ad0eb12cdf3de26d9143b8dd5b2176079db3d237

- `pending`
- `authenticated`

> - `unAuthenticated`

Reviewer: I would lowercase this to `unauthenticated`

Author: ok

Author: dd3e3f0d9511a8d667d8223306538db8f0a84f96

```html

> <!-- Only render this if there's an authenticated user -->
> <ng-container *ngIf="authenticator.authStatus === 'authenticated'">
>   Welcome back!
> </ng-container>
> 
> <!-- Render sign-in screen otherwise with authenticator -->
> <ng-container *ngIf="authenticator.authStatus !== 'authenticated'">
>   <amplify-authenticator></amplify-authenticator>
> </ng-container>

Reviewer: What do you think about adding a loading here?

```suggestion
<!-- Render loading if authStatus is still pending  -->
<ng-container *ngIf="authenticator.authStatus === 'pending'">
  Loading...
</ng-container>

<!-- Only render this if there's an authenticated user -->
<ng-container *ngIf="authenticator.authStatus === 'authenticated'">
  Welcome back!
</ng-container>

<!-- Render sign-in screen otherwise with authenticator -->
<ng-container *ngIf="authenticator.authStatus === 'unauthenticated'">
  <amplify-authenticator></amplify-authenticator>
</ng-container>
```

Reviewer: Same question with React below!

Author: I can add a loading...

Author: ad0eb12cdf3de26d9143b8dd5b2176079db3d237
